[DOCS] add setup guidance for using the Python api with GX Cloud (#9168)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/quickstarts/quickstart_lp.md

<LinkCardGrid>
  <LinkCard topIcon label="Quickstart for GX Cloud and Snowflake" description="Quickly start using GX Cloud with Snowflake." href="/docs/cloud/quickstarts/snowflake_quickstart" icon="/img/snowflake_icon.png" />
  <LinkCard topIcon label="Quickstart for GX Cloud and Airflow" description="Quickly start using GX Cloud with Airflow." href="/docs/cloud/quickstarts/airflow_quickstart" icon="/img/airflow_icon.png" />

>     <LinkCard topIcon label="Quickstart for GX Cloud and Python scripts" description="Quickly start using GX Cloud within Python." href="/docs/cloud/quickstarts/python_quickstart" icon="/img/python_icon.svg" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <LinkCard topIcon label="Quickstart for GX Cloud and Python" description="Quickly start using GX Cloud with Python." href="/docs/cloud/quickstarts/python_quickstart" icon="/img/python_icon.svg" />
```
